Nicks Hall - 365-441 Stout Dr
Roy Nicks Hall houses the College of Nursing and Department of Computing.

Simulation Lab - Location needed
The Simulation Lab (SIM Lab) integrates hi-tech with "high touch" to create a learning environment that is conducive to developing a student's technical skills and ability to apply their knowledge to real-life case scenarios. As clinical site access becomes more competitive and the clinical experience requirements more specific, a high end SIM lab provides students with the access they need to succeed and gain the diagnostic experience they need to address a multitude of real life health issues.

Clinical Skills Lab - Nicks Hall 326/327
The College of Nursing clinical skills labs are designed to provide both undergraduate and graduate nursing students a hands-on learning experience in preparation for real-life nursing skills. The environment is conducive to learning and promotes student and faculty success.

Computer Lab - Nicks Hall 346
The College of Nursing Computer Lab is the lab most convenient for students enrolled in our Nursing programs.

Testing Center - Nicks Hall 264/265
The College of Nursing Testing Center provides a variety of services to students. In addition to giving support and encouragement to students preparing to take the NCLEX-RN or a certification examination, services are available to help all nursing students with test-taking anxiety and study skills through the use of media, computer tutorials, and one-on-one interactions.

Center for Nursing Research - "First floor in the corner of Nicks Hall, closest to the Campus Center Building and Gilbreath Hall."
The mission of the Center for Nursing Research is to advance nursing faculty members' and students ability to conduct and disseminate credible nursing and inter-professional research and scholarship, support nursing students at all levels in their learning related to research and manage evaluation processes in the College of Nursing.

University Health Center - Nicks Hall 160
The mission of University Health Center is to provide acute and episodic care and to support wellness to university students and employees. The University Health Center is a nurse managed clinic and the health care providers are Board Certified Nurse Practitioners. The following services are provided by the University Health Center:
Physicals
Medication Management
Acute Care Visits/Sick Visits
Behavioral Health
Men & Women's Health Exam
Counseling Services
TB Screening/Testing
Health Education Services
Lab Work
Specialist Referrals
Titers
STI Screening
Allergy Injections
Immunizations
MMR vaccine, Varicella vaccine, Meningitis vaccine, Hep B vaccine, Tdap vaccine